[SIBIU-2024] Add sibiu general info (#13955)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2024-sibiu/welcome.md

+++
Title = "devopsdays Sibiu 2024"
Type = "welcome"
aliases = ["/events/2024-sibiu/"]
Description = "devopsdays Sibiu 2024"
+++

<div>

  <div>

>     DevOps Days is a worldwide series of technical conferences covering topics of software development, IT infrastructure operations, and the intersection between them. The first time ever DevOps Days event in Romania is coming to Sibiu and it brings together international and local speakers, blending different experiences and topics.

Reviewer: DevOpsDays is one word, by convention. Not a blocker, but you may wish to adjust it in the future. :)

```suggestion
    DevOpsDays is a worldwide series of technical conferences covering topics of software development, IT infrastructure operations, and the intersection between them. The first time ever DevOpsDays event in Romania is coming to Sibiu and it brings together international and local speakers, blending different experiences and topics.
```
